Update User Guide - Add time range filtering for Attribute Table quick filter (#9977)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/user-guide/filtering-layers.md

If the user wants to filter by an attribute, he can simply write something inside the input box and the list of records in table will be automatically filtered by matching with the input text.

<img src="../img/filtering-layers/attribute-table-quick-filter-1.jpg" class="ms-docimage"/>

The user can also filtering an attribute using the operation input box. From the dropdown menu it is possible to choose the operation to perform (for the *String* attribute can be `=`, `like`, `ilike` or `isNull`, for the *Integer*, *Data* or *Time* attribute, can be `=`, `>`, `<`, `>=`, `<=`, `<>` or `isNull`)

<img src="../img/filtering-layers/operations_drop_down_menu.jpg" class="ms-docimage"/>

In order to filter a numerical filed matching the records *greater than* or *equal* to a certain threshold value, an example can be:

<img src="../img/filtering-layers/attribute-table-quick-filter-3.jpg" class="ms-docimage"/>

> The user can also filter the records, of the *Date*, *Tim*e and *DateTime* attributes, through the *Picker* option by clicking the <img src="../img/button/date_picker.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button for *Data* attributes, the <img src="../img/button/time_picker.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button for *Time* attributes and the <img src="../img/button/date_time_picker.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button for *DateTime* attributes. To filter a *DateTime* attribute using the *Picker* option, an example can be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user can also filter the records, of the *Date*, *Time] and *DateTime* attributes, through the *Date Picker* option by clicking on the <img src="../img/button/date_picker.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button for *Date* attributes, the <img src="../img/button/time_picker.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button for *Time* attributes and the <img src="../img/button/date_time_picker.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button for *DateTime* attributes. To filter a *DateTime* attribute using the *Picker* option, an example can be the following:
```

Author: The user can also filter the records, of the *Date*, *Time* and *DateTime* attributes, through the *Date Picker* option by clicking on the <img src="../img/button/date_picker.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button for *Date* attributes, the <img src="../img/button/time_picker.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button for *Time* attributes and the <img src="../img/button/date_time_picker.jpg" class="ms-docbutton"/> button for *DateTime* attributes. To filter a *DateTime* attribute using the *Date Picker* option, an example can be the following:
